CAUDEBEC,
<i>Saturday, 2Oth August.</i>

DEABEST MAMMA,-—To-day has been the
loveliest 1 ever remember, not a cloud
in the sky. We landed at Rouen the day
before yesterday,about six, arid the
hotel we stopped at was quite decent,
and although the wlndows of my room
looked upon tie inner courtyard they at
least bad shutters. 0, how I wanted to
go and see the marks the flames of Joan
of Arc's burning had made on the wa11,
but every one was so hungry, we had to
have dinner so early, there wasn't
time. <i> Canard à la Rouennaise is</i>
good, it is done here with a wine 
called <i>Grenache</i>. I had two
helpings, and just as we were
finishing, the Vicomte and" Antoine"
carne in from the station.They aren't
In uniform now, but their hair does
stick tip so, and somehow their clothes
don 't look comfortable. I liked them
in uniform best. Men in uniform arc
always cute, men fron Prance
particularly so. Madame de Vermandoise
talked to "Antoine" aeross the table
quite a lot. That is the only way one
may speak directly to a parson, it
seems. After dinner we went in search